Add Single Class Model PR Curves (#26)
WayScience/phenotypic_profiling_model: 3.evaluate_model/README.md

The f1 score data are saved to [F1_scores](evaluations/F1_scores).

In [class_PR_curves.ipynb](class_PR_curves.ipynb), we use [sklearn.metrics.precision_recall_curve](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.precision_recall_curve.html) to derive the precision-recall curves for each model, feature type, and dataset combination.
These PR curves are created for each label type of the logistic regression model.

> E.g. each multi-class model has 15 labels (1 for each phentoypic class) and 15 PR curves while each single-class model has 2 labels (positive and negative label for its repective phenotype) and 2 PR curves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g. each multi-class model has 15 labels (1 for each phenotypic class) and 15 PR curves while each single-class model has 2 labels (positive and negative label for its respective phenotype) and 2 PR curves.
```

The probabilities are saved to [LOIO_probas](evaluations/LOIO_probas).

**Notes:** 
1) Intermediate `.tsv` data are stored in tidy format, a standardized data structure (see [Tidy Data](https://vita.had.co.nz/papers/tidy-data.pdf) by Hadley Wickham for more details).

> 2) SCM stands for "single cell model(s)" and is used as an abbrevation for the binary, sinlge-class models throughout this module.

Reviewer: Really appreciate the dedication to audience understanding with this line!
